<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [delete][1]
    -   [Parameters][2]
-   [get][3]
    -   [Parameters][4]
-   [has][5]
    -   [Parameters][6]
-   [length][7]
-   [set][8]
    -   [Parameters][9]
-   [add][10]
    -   [Parameters][11]
-   [clear][12]
-   [drop][13]
    -   [Parameters][14]
-   [hold][15]
    -   [Parameters][16]
-   [toggle][17]
    -   [Parameters][18]
-   [snapCollect][19]
    -   [Parameters][20]
-   [entries][21]
-   [keys][22]
-   [values][23]
-   [where][24]
    -   [Parameters][25]
-   [combination][26]
    -   [Parameters][27]
-   [intersection][28]
    -   [Parameters][29]

## delete

Delete the data kept with a key, and the key itself.

### Parameters

-   `key` **[String][30]** 

## get

Get the data kept with a key.

### Parameters

-   `key` **[String][30]** 

Returns **[Object][31]** the data

## has

Examine the existance of a key.

### Parameters

-   `key` **[String][30]** 

Returns **[Boolean][32]** 

## length

Count the number of records kept.

Returns **[Number][33]** 

## set

Place (or replace) a record under a certain key.

### Parameters

-   `key` **[String][30]** 
-   `data` **[Object][31]** 

## add

Place (or replace) one or more record,
get the key for the record from the field specified by the identifier.

### Parameters

-   `anonymus` **Arguments** one or more records

## clear

Delete all data and return to initial state.

## drop

Delete data satisfing all conditions,
using a JSON.stringify comparison.

### Parameters

-   `conditions` **[Object][31]** one or more conditions

## hold

Confine collection to the data satisfing all conditions,
using a JSON.stringify comparison.

### Parameters

-   `conditions` **[Object][31]** one or more conditions

## toggle

Place an unkown record or remove a known record.

### Parameters

-   `data` **[Object][31]** 

## snapCollect

Create a new empty SnapCollect object.
The identifier is the unique key used to identify the objects.

### Parameters

-   `identifier` **[String][30]** 

Returns **SnapCollect** 

## entries

Return all kept records in a two dimensional Array,
using the native Object.entries.

Returns **[Array][34]** entries

## keys

Return the keys of all kept records,
using the native Object.keys.

Returns **[Array][34]&lt;[String][30]>** keys

## values

Return the values of all kept records,
using the native Object.values.

Returns **[Array][34]&lt;[Object][31]>** values

## where

Find records satisfing all conditions,
using a JSON.stringify comparison.

### Parameters

-   `conditions` **[Object][31]** one or more conditions

Returns **[Array][34]&lt;[Object][31]>** provided

## combination

Find all records from both arrays by identifier,
with deduplication.

### Parameters

-   `foreignItem`  

Returns **[Array][34]&lt;[Object][31]>** common values, deduplicated

## intersection

Find records appearing in both own collection and in foreign array,
by comparing their identifier,
with deduplication.

### Parameters

-   `foreignItem`  

Returns **[Array][34]&lt;[Object][31]>** mutual values, deduplicated

[1]: #delete

[2]: #parameters

[3]: #get

[4]: #parameters-1

[5]: #has

[6]: #parameters-2

[7]: #length

[8]: #set

[9]: #parameters-3

[10]: #add

[11]: #parameters-4

[12]: #clear

[13]: #drop

[14]: #parameters-5

[15]: #hold

[16]: #parameters-6

[17]: #toggle

[18]: #parameters-7

[19]: #snapcollect

[20]: #parameters-8

[21]: #entries

[22]: #keys

[23]: #values

[24]: #where

[25]: #parameters-9

[26]: #combination

[27]: #parameters-10

[28]: #intersection

[29]: #parameters-11

[30]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[31]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[32]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean

[33]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number

[34]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array
